[Music]
bring me the land your life begins now
Aladin
[Music]
you really don't know who I am Jeannie
wishes land
none at I ring it about you can hear him
right a few guys adorable
you're adorable they can't understand me
kids didn't no one else here I don't
need a Pokemon then what about a
world-class detective because if you
want to find your pops
I'm your best bet
what is that silent but deadly apologies
my tummy's batch from all the coffee in
this Pokemon detective Pikachu
[Music]
[Applause]
our word has never been in more danger
[Music]
human worried is what drove us
underground all those years ago to
escape from your rapacious appetite
[Music]
I warn you boy
you are not prepared for the truth
and what you seek
[Music]
no you will believe
our two best fair
[Music]
everything the light touches
is all kingdom but a keys time is ruler
rises and falls like the Sun
one day
the Sun was set on my time here
and will rise with you as the new king
[Music]
remember
you've got wow this place is amazing
one of the buns gonna meet us here he
must be held up somewhere hey up here
Astro Boy if you think you can take our
top prize spots your room dead wrong
help me get out of here welcome to the
Medici family circus
[Music]
just when I thought I had seen
everything what do you think of that
she won't slide a lava saucer hmm all
right Dumbo give me a showstopper
[Applause]
he's made me a child again
shopping
said a monkey on your desk just for
emergencies business Dumbo rated PG he
warned us that something was coming
if there is ever an end in this forever
war it will be because of you
and your strong right hand where the
line in the sand we fight against the
forces of darkness
this is you're expecting a sign that
says secret headquarters oh I need some
ID love oh are you serious you made me a
damn weapon I just wanted to help you
become the best
you
[Applause]
some dads get their kids Legos to be
saving the world asan's
does it do anything special yeah it
smashes things real good
[Music]
you are mankind's best and only hope
especially fighting monsters not working
are you calling monster pal Ulik lemare
recently
for us
you arrived just in time
[Music]